Add properties `container-type`, `mix-blend-mode` and `isolation` (#1675)
Siteimprove/alfa: .changeset/great-dodos-cheer.md

---
"@siteimprove/alfa-style": minor
---

> **Added:** Style properties `container-type`, `mix-blend-mode` and `isolation` were added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Added:** Style properties `container-type`, `mix-blend-mode` and `isolation` are now supported.
```
